In the last video, we discussed how this singular property right here really needs to be different
depending upon whether we are on a development or production cluster.
There are a couple of different ways of handling this.
I'm going to show you a very simple, straightforward way.
To solve this.
We're going to create a couple of additional directories inside of our infra folder.
I'm going to create another folder inside of infra called a dash prod.
And then another one called AIDS Dev.
The idea here is that we are going to have some number of manifests or YAML files split between all
three directories.
Inside of our directory, we're going to have a series of manifest files that can be applied to any
cluster that we connect to.
So either a production or deployment cluster.
Inside of the AIDS dev directory.
As you would guess, we're going to play some config files inside of here that are only supposed to
be applied to a development cluster.
And then inside of kids prod are going to be manifests that are supposed to be applied to a production
cluster.
So now I'm going to take my ingress service file and I'm going to move it into the K dev folder.
Because this file, as it stands right now, should be only applied to a development cluster.
I do not want to use this on my production cluster because that will expose or make use of a host of
ticketing def.
Then inside of Kate's prod, I'm going to make a new file also called Ingress SVG, html.
I'm going to copy everything from the existing Ingress service file and paste it over here.
And now in theory, we will change this hostname right here to whatever our final domain name is.
We have not yet purchased a domain name for our application, so we don't have anything to change that
to just yet.
But as soon as we do purchase a domain name for our app, we will come back to the prod file right here
and update that host property.
That's it.
We now have these three different directories.
And again, KATES is going to hold everything that is related to any given cluster, be it development
or production.
Dev is for just development and prod is for prod.
Now, by just moving these folders around and moving these files around, well, we do have to fix up
a couple of other things that are making use of these config files.
So first off, we do have to make sure that we open up our scaffold YAML file.
So whenever we run Scaffold, we're going to tell it that in addition to some config files we've placed
inside that directory, we also want it to use some config files that are going to be inside of the
dev directory so I can add in that line right there.
We're also going to go back over to our GitHub repository.
We're going to find the deploy manifest config file that we just put together.
And we were going to adjust that command right there and make sure that in addition to applying everything
from the folder, we also apply everything from the prod folder as well.
So I'm going to edit this file.
And I'll put in a little and step right here.
It'll apply f infra slash 8/8 dashboard.
I think that you might possibly be able to put in multiple directories to a dash f reference.
I'm actually not 100% sure now that I'd say it out loud, so that would actually be a pretty good place
to look at the documentation for that.
You might be able to simplify this to just something that looks like that right there.
But again, you might look at the documentation on your own.
They all commit at this file again.
Okay.
So now we should be good to go.
Once we buy a domain name, we're going to come back to that prod ingress service file, update the
host and that should pretty much be it.
Well, I think that we're just about ready for an actual test run here.
Now, before we do a test run, there is a little bit more setup we have to do specifically around our
cluster.
You might recall that our cluster expects there to be one or two secrets to find, such as the JSON
web token key secret.
So we define that a very long time ago and we made use of it inside of our deployment.
So here it is right here.
Right now, our digital ocean cluster does not have a secret called JWT.
And I think there might be one other secret somewhere inside of here as well that we have to mainly
create inside of our cluster as well.
So once we create those two secrets, one or two secrets will then be able to test out this entire flow
and then start to finish things up.